Update link to open K2 for contributors (#139)
Expensify/k2-extension: README.md

GitHub UI integration for KS - Kernel Scheduling Method

# Installing the Chrome Extension
## Easy (auto-updating), only for internal employees
1. Download the extension from [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/k2-for-github/hmhoemhekchomabhoccbidjnoenbphno?hl=en-US)
1. Click on 'Add to Chrome'

## From the Source Code (for development or for external contributors)
1. Go to `chrome://extensions`
1. Make sure you have _Developer Mode_ enabled at the top
1. Click _Load Unpacked Extension_
1. Navigate to the `dist` folder and select it
    - Note: Do this after running `npm i` then `npm run web` or `npm run build`

# Installing on Firefox
## The "published" version
1. https://stackoverflow.com/c/expensify/questions/7053/7054#7054

## From the Source Code (for development or for external contributors)
1. Open up this page in firefox: `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`
1. Click **Load temporary add-on**
1. Select the `dist/manifest.json` file in this repo (really any file within the dist should work) [more info](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Your_first_WebExtension#Trying_it_out)

> 1. go to https://github.com/Expensify/App#k2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2 (for internal employees only) or https://github.com/Expensify/App#k2 (for external contributors)
```

Reviewer 2: Since the link doesn't really matter (you just need to go to any repo you have access to), I think keeping it with just pointing to E/App is fine.

Author: Yeah, in this case I changed it to E/App because it's accessible to everyone.

1. Click on **Load Unpacked Extension**
1. Select the `dist` folder in this repo
1. Now the extension should be installed and enabled

> 1. Go to https://github.com/Expensify/App#k2 and you should see the extension working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2 (for internal employees) or https://github.com/Expensify/App#k2 (for external contributors) and you should see the extension working
```
